# Data flow Diagram SDK

This is the software development kit (SDK) enabling iOS applications to use a data flow diagram that implements a specific algorithm to process kinematic values as generated by a motion capture system (see our [Motion Capture SDK](https://github.com/Proavatar/MotionCaptureSDK.git)) and calculate specific output values.

For a detailed description of the data flow programming method, refer to the document “[Data flow programming method](https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/d/1ZlDYAuC9n-_lMFjVfvp_mby1DZeR1VDj4SZqJSJTIbk/export?format=pdf)”.

The SDK is offered as a Swift Package containing the binary framework that implements the following functionality:
* Create a new data flow diagram and fill it with a specified algorithm.
* Retrieve information from the data flow diagram.
* Changing the diagram constants.
* Update the inputs of a diagram.
* Reset the temporal state of the data flow diagram.

The package will be downloaded and added to your project.

By default the SDK can be used without a license, but only allows loading diagrams with a maximum of two input streams. To remove this limitation, a license is required.

>To request a license, please contact [sales@proavatar.io](mailto:sales@proavatar.io?subject=Dataflow%20Diagram%20SDK%20license%20request).

All required functionality is implemented in the `DataflowDiagram` class. To use this class, place the following import in your Swift files:

```Swift
import DataflowDiagramSDK
```

For a complete SDK reference, download the document "[Data flow algorithms SDK specification](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15MEn8yUazdlI-V9CQ2xBGTLxf31o_bOUaY-FbKQJfmY/export?format=pdf)".
